Would you rather give up all alcohol for the next 30 days or have to butcher your own meat for the next 90 days?

Would you rather have a boring repetitive job that paid $90,000/year or an engaging job that you really enjoy but it pays $45,000/year?

Would you rather have the details of your romantic life be made into a hit sit-com or have every one you meet know your personal finances?

Would you rather have $50,000 free and clear or $150,000 that is illegal?

Would you rather have the details of your romantic life be made into a hit sit-com or have every one you meet know your personal finances?

Would you rather have a photographic memory or gain an extra 40 IQ points?

Would you rather stay in a luxury hotel free of charge for one year or have a chauffeur driven limousine free of charge for one year?

Would you rather have two tickets to this year's super bowl or two seasons tickets to the NFL team of your choice?

Would you rather have your first child when you are 19 years old or when you are 45 years old?

Would you rather have a photographic memory or be able to forget anything you wanted?

Would you rather be unable to see for one day or unable to use your phone for one month?

Would you rather be able to fly or turn invisible?

Would you rather go 30 days without refined sugar or 90 days without caffeine?

Would you rather be a highly paid professional athlete or serve as the president of a prestigious university?

Would you rather have a home with a great living room or a great back yard?

Would you rather spend one month living without using any money or spend 3 months in a wheelchair?

Would you rather have an ordinary home in an extraordinary location or an extraordinary home in an ordinary location?

Would you rather be able to lie without being caught or always be able to tell when someone is lying?

Would you rather be able to eat anything and any quantity of food with no negative health effects, or be refreshed and well rested after only three hours of sleep?

Would you rather have an extra hour every day or have $40 given to you free and clear every day?

Would you rather be the star player on a losing basketball team or ride the bench on a winning one?

Would you rather have an extra finger or lose a finger?

Would you rather write a best-selling novel or be an expert at picking stocks?

Would you rather have an ugly scare across your face or lose 15 points of intelligence?

Would you rather spend a night with no money on the streets of Pittsburgh or spend the same night in a house that is reported to be haunted?

Would you take up smoking for $30,000?

Would you rather share a toothbrush with a random stranger or kiss your brother/sister on the mouth.

Would you rather win the Nobel Peace Prize or have the $1.2 Million that comes with the prize?

Would you rather be the smartest person in your peer group or the most attractive person in your peer group?

Would you rather go on vacation any where in the world for on week or spend 24 hours with anyone in the world but be unable to leave your house during that time?

Assuming you wake up with no memory of the night before, Would you rather discover that you had lost $75 or discover that you had an extra $300 but have no idea what you did to earn it?

Would you rather fly on Air Force One with the president or have a minor reoccurring role on a popular television show?

Would you rather drink a bowl full of gravy or have a large spider caught in your hair?

Would you rather shave your eyebrows or accidently send a nasty computer virus to 1000 of your friends, classmates and colleagues?

Would you rather attend Hogwarts or have a pet sasquatch?

Would you rather look better in photographs than you do in person or look better in person than you do in photographs?

Would you rather spend the next week sleeping more than 12 hours per night or less than 4 hours per night?

Would you rather have a job as Jessica Beil's personal assistant or a job as the president of a prestigious university?

Would you allow a benefactor to pay off all of your debt if it meant that you could never go into any amount of debt in the future?

Would you rather have one year off at your current rate of pay or work your current job for a year at double your current rate of pay?

Would you rather give someone a gift that is a truly bad gift or give no gift at all?

Would you rather accidentally drop a hammer on your toe or accidentally drop a hammer on the tow of a complete stranger?

Would you rather have someone bring you breakfast in bed tomorrow morning or be able to sleep in as late as you want?

Would you rather receive a life time supply of meals from your favorite restaurant or a life time supply of gasoline?

Would you rather be able to see one year into the future or change any one decision from your past?

Would you rather lose your sense of taste and smell or lose your ability to distinguish colors?

Would you rather know with out a doubt the purpose and direction of you life or never have to worry about money for the rest of your life?

Would you rather have to leave the country you now live in and be unable to return or spend the rest of your life being unable to make more than minimum wage?

Would you rather baby sit 3 month old triplets for 4 hours or go with out food and water for the next 24 hours?

Would you rather relive one random week of high school or watch the video of your own birth?

Would you rather be able to play the guitar like a rock star or have anyone in the world willing to take your phone call?

Would you rather be extremely attractive or be married to some one who is extremely attractive?

Would you rather be able to visit 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?

Would you rather spend 2 months living in a nursing home or spend a 2 weeks eating only from Taco Bell?

Would you rather speak in public for 30 minutes be with out your car for two days.

Would you rather be riding coach on a trans-continental flight caught between a fighting couple or have a bee sting you on the face.

Would you rather wear a tux/formal for every where you go for the next two weeks or camp out in a tent in your mothers back yard for one week?

Would you rather pan handle $200 from complete strangers or borrow $1000 from your friends?

Would you rather have a child that you must give up for adoption after one year or never be able to have any children of your own

Would you rather live the freegan lifestyle for a month or give money to anyone who ask for the 3 months?

Would you rather lose your sense of time or developed a paralyzing fear of heights?

Would you rather marry someone who is attractive or rich?

Would you rather have $1,000,000 now or $50,000 a year for the rest of your life? (assume both sums after taxes)

Would you rather spend a year teaching at an inner-city school or spend one month as a beat cop in the same neighborhood?

Would you rather spend one year sailing around the world or one year living in the heart of London?

Would you rather have every detail of your love life made public or have the details of you finances made public?

Would you accept the gift of being able to read other peoples mind if it meant that you could never turn it off?

Would you rather spend 48 straight in a public restroom or spend the next two month taking only public transportation.

Would you rather have a car radio that you cannot change the station and you cannot turn off or no car radio at all?

Would you rather work as an unknown scientist expanding the frontiers of knowledge in a meaningful way or be a famous, well paid actor performing only trivial roles.

Would you rather have all of your emails, for the next two months, be sent out "reply all" or have your jaw wired shut for a week?

Would you rather live for 6 months in a light house, accessible only by a 3 mile boat ride, or live for 6 months in the most crowded room of a youth hostel? 
Would you rather get married in an arranged marriage or spending the rest of your life single without dating anyone.

Would you rather have great hair or the ability to cheer up any sad child?

Would you rather be rich of famous?

Would you rather have one wish that you could only use for another person and not benefit from directly or receive $500,000 after taxes?

Would you rather eat one and a half pounds of icecream in under 60 seconds or run 5 miles?

Would you rather have indestructible will power or be unquestionably lucky?

Would you rather get caught checking out a stranger or caught lying to a friend?

Would you rather be confined to your home for one month and only able to communicate with the outside world via fax machine or unable to go back to your home for 3 months?

Would you rather have the only computer you can use be an Atari 2600 or have all of your email sent out, unknown to you, to your entire address book?

Assuming that the pay is the same would you rather work as a statistician or as a childrens entertainer performing for kids under five years old?

Would you rather have many causal friends or one close one?

Would you rather be hungry or thirsty?

Would you want to be forever 21 years old physically if it meant that you were also forever 21 financially?

Would you rather change any one decision from you past or have $40,000 free and clear?

Would you rather be able to play the guitar like a rock star or Dance like Mikhail Baryshnikov?

Shop only at 7-11 for 6 months have to relive a socially embarrassing moment every day for the next week?

Would you rather spend a week adrift at sea in a life raft or spend on month in Milwaukee County Jail?

Would you rather have to wear adult diapers for one year or have any computer you touch over the next two months crash?

Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into the future or 3 years into the future?

Would you rather be completely indifferent to what other people think of you or have a completely and uncensored understanding of what other people think of you?

Would you rather be able to paint like an renaissance master or be able to put anyone at ease in a conversation?

Would you rather be able to steel any one thing and get away with it or ensure that nothing will ever be stolen from you?

Would you rather be able to stop time at will of age at half the normal human rate?

Would you rather have the respect of your child or your boss?

If you were given the ability to become invisible for one day, what would?

If someone very close to you was in pain and terminally ill with one month left to live and wanted to die, would you help them commit suicide ?

If you had 1,000,000 dollars to give away, how would you do it?

If you had a time machine and you could go back and change anything, what would it be?

Under what circumstances would you adopt a child?

Would you rather have one year off at your current rate of pay or work your current job for a year at double your current rate of pay?

If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you look like and what would you do?

Would you rather lose all of your old memories, or never be able to make new ones?

If you could see 24 hours into the future what would you do with this ability?

If you and someone else were the only people alive on earth, who would you pick the other person to be?

If you could ask God a question what would it be?

If you had to trade sweethearts with one of your friends who would you pick?

Would you volunteer to be one of the first colonists on Mars if it meant you could never return to earth?

If you where offered the job of President would you take it? Why?

If you could trade lives with somebody you know, who would it be? What hazards in your life would you have to warn them about?

Would you rather be able to visit 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?

If you needed someone to act as a character reference who would you chose?

Would you rather have an ugly scare across your face or lose 15 points of intelligence.

If Heaven exists, what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the Pearly Gates?

If reincarnation is the way of the universe what do you think you will come back as?

If you had only 24 hours left to live, what would you do?

If you could trade lives with another person you know for one week who would it be?

Would you rather have $50,000 free and clear or $150,000 that is illegal?

If you had one wish what would it be?

If you had ten minutes on a popular TV talk show what would you talk about?

If you were stranded in the remote wilderness would you eat one of your dead traveling companions to survive?

If were given $1000 and told you that you had to spend it today, what would you buy?

Would you rather have every detail of your love life made public or have the details of you finances made public?

Would you rather write a best-selling novel or be an expert at picking stocks?

Would you rather have an extra finger or lose a finger?


